excuse me I just want to get some
expensive bottles of wine for my
children this isn't for children every
year
Frank's kids come home for the holidays
dad I can't get away this weekend but
this year everyone is canceling and no
one will say why I'm sorry dad
sometimes the only way to get the truth
is to go out and find it they all
canceled on me on the last minute so now
I'm gonna Surprise them want to see my
son
yeah oh he does absolutely no idea thank
you what do you think of my work but
looking at it ever since we left the
station through wire I've been a
thousand miles of wire and weeks
non-stop all for my children maybe two
feet of wire to get them where they are
today oh my God look at you look money
grandpa oh it's got a handle of course
it's got a handle surprise what are you
doing here they keep this spend some
time with my son to conduct her hi dad
this December Suellen no this is an
elevator very good know how to use
chopsticks like making fun of me don't
you yeah you're funny huh a journey he
never expected to make never said I was
conducting that but the drum what
happened what are you hiding from me
here any others I don't know what to say
it all became exactly what his family
needed I don't know what it is with you
kids she always told you mother
everything you never told me anything
tell you the good news and spare you the
battery the bad news as well as the good
news from now on I'm used to say make
your dad proud
it's not true sometimes I pick up the
phone - Tyler number and I remember keep
calling next time the numbers still the
same and I'm still on the other end okay
you lock yourself out humming my son
lives here I'm we're just waiting for
him you want to see my legs watch your
mind
I want to go solo around the same table
like were you still at Christmas
together everybody together Robert De
Niro Drew Barrymore
Kate Beckinsale Sam Rockwell as long as
you are happy and be part of you no
matter what you did everybody is fine
really
really okay
yeah